Update web reports (#273)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: eud-for-devexpress-reports/reporting-for-web/document-viewer/exporting/export-a-document.md

---
title: Export a Document
author: Anna Gubareva
legacyId: 115375
---
# Export a Document

To export a document, click the **Export To** button on the Document Viewer toolbar and select a format from the drop-down list. The available formats are PDF, XLS, XLSX, RTF, DOCX, MHT, HTML, Text, CSV, and Image.

![Web Document Viewer - Export To button in toolbar](../../images/img121796.png)

> The exported document starts downloading. The browser may prompt you to save the file or open it in an associated application.

Reviewer: `The exported document starts downloading.`

I think you should mention what was pressed to start the export. (Also, is it necessary to say download? Maybe we can say "document export" instead.) For example, how about something like:

`Once you select the export format, the document export begins.`

Author: ```suggestion
Once you select the export format, the document export begins. The browser may prompt you to save the file or open it in an associated application.
```
